Not in a mission high Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong. You're watching the China
show. I'm Yvonne Man with David Ingles.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories today stocks across the
region on your screens advancing we're
now second day running here optimism
that the US lawmakers are inching closer
to a deal to end the government
shutdown.
>> Chinese consumers in focus as online and
brick-and-mortar retailers hope for a
surge in spending during the Singles Day
shopping festival. And we have a strong
lineup of guests talking markets across
shows today. JP Morgan Asset Management
discusses long-term strategy across
multiple asset classes and CICC will be
joining us to talk us through the next
step for China's bull market.
[Music]
Welcome to the program. Thanks for
joining us today. Lots to get through.
It's a rally of sorts and
I think different
magnitude when you look across the
spectrum. All that being said is risk
assets did catch a bit overnight. US
futures are somewhat still on the
upside. We're looking at gold for
example which really gave us something
to talk about. We'll talk more about
this in a moment but coming up on your
screen some of the some of the proxies
in Australia for example as we look at
this one for example 3.3% to the upside.
Dollar yen has bumped its head that's
past tense
at around this level in the last couple
of sessions or so. So whether or not
we'll see whether or not we do break
this 154.35 handle here
on dollar yen. Very quickly let's have a
look at TSMC coming online. Taiwan is up
1% 1.2 now. TSMC the next three coming
up on your screens are the three biggest
suppliers of TSMC in terms of their sort
of reliance percentage of revenue.
Slightly mixed picture there. The
headline is softer sales although it did
come in still stronger 16 plus percent
still on track to
to boost the quarterly sales numbers
coming through. We're looking at the
Golden Dragon Index
overnight. You had a big bounce there
KWEB.
Xmont is going to be interesting. The
16% move has now put it at about a 10%
premium
over
the eight shares trading right now and
Baidu's up 5% overnight some something
to watch of course going into today.
Okay futures.
The approach to the open 18 minutes
away. We're looking at a slightly a flat
start.
Worth mentioning we'll get to this later
on. High board is actually
been in a downtrend of late. So two
month lows in that. Apart from that
Singles Day and everything else in
between. But yes yes jump back day. Yeah
it's interesting there is risk on but
it's not quite full on risk on right?
Take a look at the the steep the
flattening of the yield curve. Some say
that doesn't really pertain to maybe
make it's full on kind of risk right now
and piling into sort of some of the the
big kind of darling trades once again.
So that's one thing the dollar also kind
of weakened on the back of it. So it's
not like everyone's kind of piling and
saying yes time to buy buy buy buy buy
because there's still a lot of things
that we got to get through when it comes
to what's happening in Congress right?
>> Yeah there's this ongoing vote. I still
can't even wrap my head around the
different steps that are taking place
right now and where we need to be for
example to see the end of the shutdown.
Not to mention if you ask anyone around
the Fed you'll get three different
opinions. Right? It's it's it's a hold
it's a cut of swords it's a cut of 50.
>> Myra still wants 50 though right for
December. But yeah at least maybe now
that we know that there might be an end
in sight in this US government shutdown.
Does the sort of fog around the Fed's
rate cut path does that get a little bit
clearer now? We'll see. Yeah well we'll
see. We'll we'll we'll see if we get the
inflation print first and foremost on
Thursday. Right? But yeah let's try and
figure out what's going on right now.
Live pictures out of DC and the latest
efforts here to end the shutdown. Yeah
let's get to the latest there of course
and it's getting into the wee hours of
the night certainly here. The
deliberations of that vote later on
today on that funding bill to end the
shutdown. Let's get to our managing
editor Jill Disis. She's with us right
now. Tell us what's happening now. So
right Yeah so right now Yvonne we're
going through about eight procedural
votes in the Senate before they're
ultimately expected to pass this bill
tonight so that would end to end the
shutdown.
Right now we're on Senate time so in
terms of how long that actually takes
we'll have to see and remember we're
still kind of at the stage now where any
one senator can really kind of delay
things a bit further just by introducing
other procedural steps. Not stop a vote
entirely but certainly delay it
potentially. So in terms of how long it
actually takes to get through that
process tonight I think that's still
unclear but you know we saw that
procedural test vote Sunday evening in
the US. You know that indicated that
they did have enough votes 60-40. They
convinced enough moderate Senate
Democrats to come to their side the
Republicans and ultimately vote for this
thing.
Once that happens though once they
actually get through the remainder of
these votes remember it still has to go
to the house.
If it clears the Senate the house gets
36 hours notice in Washington. Remember
I mean they've been out for what 41 days
at this point. So you know they all have
to go back to Washington then take a
vote. It's not entirely clear whether it
actually runs into any obstacles in the
house. You've got obviously a lot of
Democrats that are unhappy you know with
this bill but there are also maybe some
Republicans either on either side who
maybe aren't happy that it goes far
enough to extend the entire government
for a year or maybe there's some other
provisions that they're unhappy with. So
once it gets to that stage you know
we'll we'll see where it goes but yes
again still has to pass both chambers at
this point.
Okay. What's the earliest the government
could end the shutdown if if things go
perfectly to plan? If things go
perfectly to plan I'd say probably
Thursday at this point because again
you've got to factor in the fact that
they've got to pass it tonight in the
Senate that 36 hour notice period comes
in. So I would say you're looking at
potentially Thursday at the earliest
assuming all pretty much goes to plan.
Jill fantastic. Thank you so much. Jill
Disis there our managing editor just
getting us literally up to speed
what's happening here over in
Washington. You see amidst this
resurgence in two things right? So the
big story across markets is gold coming
back number one and risk assets some
some extent of course AI the AI trade
overnight with the stocks index rallying
quite quite a bit. Asia is following
through half of 1% in the early goings
this Tuesday. Joining us here in set
Leon Goldfeld Asia Pacific head of
multi-asset solutions at JP Morgan Asset
Management joining us now. They put out
this the 30th edition of course of the
long-term capital market assumptions.
We'll get to that later but I want to
get your thoughts on short-term markets
don't seem to be some too perturbed by
what's going on in Washington. I think
the markets have always kind of made an
assumption that there will be a deal.
It's how long it takes was always a
toss-up but it looks like we are on the
cusp of getting that deal. I think the
markets are comfortable with it but the
markets always had a view I think that
we were going to get a deal. Right. If
we get this all this slew of data that
that's been so delayed. Yeah this whole
what are we really watching out for the
most in the next few weeks and months?
>> I think it's still the fundamentals
which is really what's happening in the
labor market. Is employment actually
likely to fall in one of these monthly
readings?
There was expectations of that
potentially for September.
Looking at the ADP data that suggests
September could have been very weak but
October a little bit better. I think for
the Fed to cut they need to see some
weaker data here and so the market I
think is very focused on that and then
obviously to what extent does core
inflation continue to creep up as the
tariffs come through into pricing. So
we're entering let's call it the last
six weeks of 2025. What's what's what's
what are your team's suggestions and
recommendations now across assets
looking as we wrap up really what's been
a terrific year for risk assets?
Fantastic year with the despite some
incredible volatility in between.
>> TV you would have thought the world was
ending. It did at one point but then it
revived itself.
So look I think six weeks is a very
short period of time so to some extent
we need to look well beyond that. I
think the markets right now are going
through a bit of a consolidation phase
precisely to your point David we've had
this great rally the markets are needing
to digest that. But I think our view is
that the fundamentals as we look into
2026 remain relatively good. When we
look at growth in particular macro
economic growth we actually think this
soft patch of weaker employment is going
to pass and I think the economy digests
the higher tariffs. You know one of the
challenges with tariffs has been is that
tariffs have come in prices have risen
but wages you know usually get reset
once a year for most people in the US
you know different times for different
people.
So the so the tariffs have come in I've
actually heard real wages and we've seen
US households particularly the lower end
weaker households struggling and that's
what we're seeing now in autos. But we
think as we go into 2026 on the one hand
the tariffs are set.
We still have the issue of of the
Supreme Court but but in one way or
another the tariffs are probably going
to stay but wages will start to go up
again next year and so real income start
to revive and we think growth with that
starts to pick up. So the fundamentals
in terms of growth is good. The Fed
debate two cuts three cuts but at least
we think at least two cuts. So you've
got lower interest rates you still got
decent growth and corporates are
outperforming the economy massively. We
think that continues it's a tech thing.
So we have that. That is what we think
is going to drive markets. Against that
is the fact that a lot of it is in the
price and valuations are high and so
there's this battle between great
fundamentals very difficult valuations.
Yeah. And the way we try to reconcile
that is we lean into the fundamentals
but not all the way. The
valuations just Need to compress them
what? Exactly affect how much magnitude
we want to take. Leon more from Leon
Goldfeld there Asia Pacific head of
multi-asset solutions at JP Morgan Asset
Management which staying with us to talk
about of course that long-term capital
markets
assumptions there for this year. Yeah
easy there you go. We we broke it down
right?
>> And we got to ask it what's a 60/40 plus
portfolio?
>> Yes. Yeah.
It only gets to 100 right?
>> Yeah. But there you go. P certainly is a
standout there. We'll ask more with Leon
coming up. Counting down to the open of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. This is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show counting down to the open of trade
here just under 18 minutes away. On your
screens
is the refreshed
version of the JP Morgan Asset
Management's long-term capital market
assumptions. These are the projected
returns 10 to 15 years annualized of
course. A lot of numbers on your
screens. Let's start with a big picture
and a key message and then we'll get
granular. Joining us here on set Leon
Goldfeld, Asia Pacific head of
multi-asset solutions at JP Morgan Asset
Management still with us here
on set. So
I guess before we get into the numbers,
what's changed between last year's
version and a key message for this
year's version looking ahead? I think
actually the broad message hasn't
changed that much largely because in our
core numbers like the 60/40 portfolio
60% global equities 40% global bonds has
remained roughly unchanged at around 6
and 1/2 6.4%.
The key thing to put that number into
context is that
if we take let's say US inflation as a
kind of a proxy for global inflation is
not too different in fact a little bit
higher. US inflation we think over in
the long term is going to be around sort
of 2 and 1/2 percent. So you're talking
about a 400 basis point premium. So
that's a pretty good real return. And
then if we look at cash we think US cash
on average over the next 10 to 15 years
going to be 3.1. So again compared to a
60/40 that's 350 basis point premium. So
the key message we have is that staying
invested staying invested in a good
diversified portfolio is still very much
the right thing to do.
And diversifying is it away from the US
into maybe this part of the world still?
>> Diversifying is probably across asset
classes public and private but it's also
geographic. And in fact one of the views
that we've held for a while and if in
last year or this year rather it's it's
come to fruition and we think it will
continue to do so is that the dollar has
declined. The dollar we think has been
fundamentally structurally expensive and
US tends to have a higher inflation than
certainly other parts of developed world
which tends to bring
the currency down. So having exposure
outside of the US you do have the
benefit of diversifying having stronger
currency as well as other markets.
How what's what's the latest on the tech
AI overlay and the concentration risk
and does that dissipate across some
markets because it's really concentrated
quite literally going into this fresh at
New Year?
So when we looked historically at
markets and concentration risk obviously
within the US the current concentration
of tech and AI Mag 7 is is maybe
unprecedented. But when we looked at
concentration as a factor historically
in markets like Switzerland, Taiwan
there isn't really a relationship
between concentration risk and future
market performance. Ultimately what it's
all about and it's always been about is
is the valuation of those stocks are
they unreasonable? Are the expectations
that built in realizable? We actually
think that the tech part of the market
will continue to provide very strong
growth and we do think AI in our macro
assumptions is going to boost
productivity. And likewise we think tech
can maintain pretty decent margins. So
we're not as worried about the
concentration risk as maybe others.
How do I look at correlations for for
next year because this year it's just
been like I can buy a growth stock, I
can buy a bond, I can buy gold and they
can all be rallying the same time. For
different reasons.
>> For different reasons. Is that going to
be the same thing next year too? I think
we've been in a market environment this
year
maybe last year and potentially next
year as well where I think that a lot of
the marginal price setting is actually
done by the retail investor.
And the retail investors tend to chase
themes and they chase chase momentum.
Now
it's very hard to predict when the
retail investor may step back. I think
if you look at institutional investors
they've been perhaps a little bit more
conservative on markets than the retail
investor. So if the retail investor
continues to drive and dominate at the
margin they don't represent the majority
of the transactions but they tend to
coalesce into the same kind of group of
themes that it's quite possible that we
get this momentum correlation across
unusual asset classes continuing. Okay.
The can I ask
your if you could elaborate further on
the role of you know alternatives in
being able to boost returns and you know
what does it do for duration for example
in one's portfolio because people are
trying to grapple with the 60/40
conversation now too. Sure. I think for
investors
particularly now not institutional
investors have been able to access
alternatives for a long time but we're
now seeing the so-called democratization
of alternatives and we're seeing
offerings coming into opportunity set
for retail investors be it in more
liquid like infrastructure type
investment or be it in private credit
and and potentially in private equity as
well. As as you can continue to invest
in secondaries which are more liquid. We
do think alternatives are a critical
addition to the opportunity set for all
investors. In our assumptions going
forward the 10 to 15 years if we just
look at public markets a global equity
global bond together we think that can
generate a pretty attractive 6.4%
return. However if we add alternatives
let's say 20 30% to that by reducing
somewhat the public asset mix we could
boost the 6.4 to what 6.9. So there is
definitely additional returns to be had
and arguably for less risk because
alternatives diversify. In terms of the
duration of the portfolio it will change
somewhat largely because if we introduce
private credit it's a floating rate
asset whereas if you like global bonds
are you know have a duration of 6 to 7
years this has a much shorter duration.
So duration will change somewhat but you
can work around that. So that is the 40
plus that you're talking about and it's
the 60/40
>> exactly. So what we call the 60/40 plus
is really 40% in public equities 30%
still in public bonds but now 30% in a
diversified mix of alternatives as well.
The
this is it seems like this is a this is
the 30th version. So it's a almost a
rolling revisiting of the key market
longer term market themes. Can I just
ask you
not so much where you guys could be
wrong. That's I think phrasing question
not accurately but
what are the assumption or which
specific assumption do you are you
attaching the least probability to least
degree of confidence to? I think we can
actually be wrong on both the upside and
the downside.
And I think if we pick the most
prevalent reason for the upside and
downside on the upside where we can be
wrong is we are still relatively
conservative in our assumptions about
what AI can bring to the table in terms
of productivity. We've been adding to
our productivity assumptions but we've
only added say compared to a couple of
years ago 20 to 30 basis points of
in terms of economic growth assumption
and we've added maybe 100 basis points
of corporate margin. So it's not been a
big number and so that number can expand
on the upside. On a downside we've also
made an assumption that valuations while
though today's valuations are too high
relative to history and relative to what
we think will be valuations on a longer
term basis
we have assumed that actually the amount
of derating isn't going to be that
great. So we could be wrong and the
derating normalizes more. All right.
We'll be back in a couple of minutes for
some final thoughts with Leon Goldfeld
there out of JP Morgan Asset Management.
He'll be staying with us for a couple
more minutes here as we count down to
the open of trade just under 10 seconds
away until we get the pre-market
pricing. We're looking at one stock
specifically with a 10% premium
overnight over eight shares 16% rally
overnight in ADRs. XPeng is one to
watch. Under 10 minutes away we're
looking at 92 bucks. That should be
updating anytime now. There we go.
There we go. We are up 9 and 1/2% in
XPeng in the early goings. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
All right. We got about less than 8
minutes before the open. Let's get some
final thoughts from Leon Goldfeld there
Asia Pacific head of multi-asset
solutions at JP Morgan Asset Management.
We didn't really talk too much about
China but this is a a market that's
likely going to outperform the S&P this
year. Are the stars finally aligning you
think for this market?
>> there is definitely a catch-up going on
in terms of how China's performed both
onshore and offshore. And I think the
technology narrative that's really been
driving driving global markets has
finally arrived in a more
convincing way in China. So we do think
that is an opportunity and it's an
opportunity that will continue to help
the markets into next year.
On the macro side I think the our view
is the Chinese economy is stabilizing.
It's perhaps not you know recovering but
it's certainly
not not shrinking any longer. It's going
to take a while for structural issues
like real estate to to really work off.
We do think what they're doing which is
a gradual kind of reform stabilizing
supply etc. will will work but it it
will be a slow burn on the macro side
but overall we really like China because
it actually offers a diversified
narrative to the global picture. And if
the US corrects it doesn't mean that
China will correct as much. So it's a
diversify with its own growth
optionality.
Leon it's fantastic to see you. Thank
you so much for the time and let's do
this again. I imagine this time next
year with the 31st edition.
>> We'd love to see you again next year.
Thank you for the time. Fantastic. Have
a great rest of your head Leon Goldfeld
at Asia Pacific head of multi-asset
solutions at JP Morgan Asset Management.
Right, going into the open today what's
just over 5 minutes away Xpeng is in
focus. Are you had the company's AI day
last week? Yeah, that robot that people
were up in arms about they thought that
there was a person inside the humanoid
robot. Yeah. They had to I believe they
had to splice it open to prove that
there was no flesh and blood inside.
>> human-like.
>> Yes. They thought it was a human that
was walking on on the stage. I thought
it was fascinating. But yes, it's
interesting this is kind of taken some
days to really kind of really play
through. But I think it was those
comments that they mentioned, right? The
fact that they think their self-driving
AI capabilities are actually better than
Tesla. That sent the stock flying
overnight. There's There you go. We're
seeing that sort of follow through here
in the Hong Kong session. Other sort of
sectors to watch of course we're
watching the lithium side of things.
There's been some upgrades there from
the sell side when it came to JP Morgan.
So they've been talking about raising
Tianqi Lithium for example to neutral
with a price target of $50 here right
now. We're seeing Ganfeng Lithium for
example up some 2% and we're focusing on
some of the auto plays given just what
we saw with those car sales. Yeah, it
was interesting you know apart from this
whole Xpeng story
Xiaomi has also gotten a new overweight
from Piper
there which is initiating a more a new
initiation when it comes to the EV maker
side of things.
>> few names coming They're coming out with
some some else. More analyst coverage.
Yeah, but then the car sales I was a bit
soft, right? Because you're starting to
see these subsidies and the effects of
that really start to fade as we get
closer to the end of the year. So there
you go. We'll get a little bit more on
what that means for the industry coming
up. But yeah, you're watching also
regionally how we're doing here right
now. Yeah, I think to the point you were
just making earlier on TSMC did report
after the close in Taiwan yesterday
is reacting for the first time here in
the Asia Pacific. Korea is catching
somewhat of a bid. I think I'm not sure.
2.2% to the upside. Nikkei's up 7/10 of
1%. So it's a decently
deep modest approach going into the open
today just under what 4 minutes away. US
futures coming up on your screens very
very shortly. Asia Pacific is there and
also A50 futures among the things to
watch. Of course, it's Singles Day and
the data that comes we'll have a
conversation around that. We are in the
window for credit numbers to come out at
any point now. That's point number two,
I think. The King of Spain is actually
in China today. Some of the things
that's you know only if you do work in
news. There we go. 10-year yield bottom
of your screens and I believe as far as
the the the weather is concerned
I think we're still under a T1 here.
Yes. They hit Taiwan this Taiwan this
typhoon from the Philippines and the
like. So we'll continue to track the
weather. But yeah, also talking about
the concentration risk around the China
X, right? We'll talk a little bit that
with Winnie Wu coming up here as a
countdown to that open which is coming
up next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. You're
watching the China show counting down to
the open of
Excuse me of markets. So we are called
higher on the Hang Seng. Slightly flat
on A50 futures. We are in the window for
some credit numbers could come out
today. We'll give it a few more days of
course for that window and we're looking
also at you know what high board's back
as far as the topic is concerned. We've
been somewhat in a downtrend two-month
lows and that apart from that we're
looking at this tech rally one plus of
course what's happening in the auto
space. Yeah, so we'll we'll see what
happens. Right? Xpeng is sort of doing
its own thing. But we're going to see
how this reaction to some of the car
sales that we saw there the data
actually still looking pretty soft,
right? So you know
these subsidies start to fade what does
it mean when it comes to growth in that
sector? And certainly Xpeng they're like
look, we're not just an EV company
anymore. I'm talking about humanoid
robots. I'm talking about robo taxis and
the like here and maybe that technology
they're saying and claiming is actually
better than Tesla. And that was enough
to send the stock up with some 13% Yeah.
overnight as well. Incredible. This
stock the volatility around it here this
morning. But yes, it looks like this
rally is underway and really kind of
spilling over to greater China here this
morning. So obviously we're watching
tech. We're watching very much the
Starboard where really we'll focus a
little bit more on the concentration
risk around there because it really has
come down to maybe just five stocks that
really kind of driven a lot of the moves
that we've seen on that Starboard and
one of them is Hey, CATL, right? That's
one of the ones on the leader of the
board. We're up 1% here this morning at
the get-go as well. Shanghai is still
around that 4,020 level here this
morning and watching very closely some
of the commodities, right? When it comes
to iron ore, steel, copper's doing well
once again. Gold certainly has been in
favor now once again now that we talk
about Can we start pricing in Fed cuts
now that maybe this US government
shutdown might be coming to an end,
right? Possibly as early as Thursday is
what we've been projecting if things go
as planned, right? In the house. Flip
the boards and see how Hong Kong is
doing because obviously there's also the
tech sort of story the Singles Day story
sorry there as well. Alibaba though
interestingly enough we're down to 1%.
We're going to have Katherine Lim from
BI to tell us about her projections of
what's going to do well during this
Singles Day holiday. But you are seeing
pretty punchy moves when it comes to
Baidu. There you go. We're up 4.7%
Xiaomi there up 7/10 of 1%. Piper was
one of those firms that recently had a
new initiation when it came to the EV
sector. Xiaomi was definitely on their
radar as well. Tech is up about 7/10 of
1% here right now. It's interesting kind
of call from also Marvin Chen from our
BI team that talked about the sort of
diversification play which I think JP
Morgan's Leon Goldfeld had mentioned,
right? The fact that you have this sort
of
narrative around tech supremacy,
self-reliance. That perhaps gives China
a little bit more of that insulation
away from some of the global volatility
that we're seeing around mega-cap tech
here right now. That perhaps these
thematic plays are enough to at least
kind of focus on individual sectors. But
we have the likes of CICC coming on the
next hour talking about yes, it might be
sector by sector. That's why you're
going to see a lot of rotation and a lot
of volatility as you go quarter by
quarter. Flip the boards and watch the
movers here this morning watching Huawei
suppliers. So that story from what we
saw in the EU that they're eyeing some
sort of Huawei ban when it came to
mobile networks of member countries.
Some of the suppliers it's a mixed bag
here not a huge reaction so far. So
let's flip the boards and see how Xpeng
is doing, right? That's the big one here
today. So there you go. AI day was last
week. 11% gains for the stock here right
now.
And really I think investors are really
trying to maybe change the whole kind of
vision around this company right now.
It's not just an EV play anymore. It's
an AI play when it comes to Xpeng. 11%
gains here. The rest of the industry
still looking pretty good, right? BYD is
slightly up here despite those weaker
numbers that we saw in car sales.
>> Yeah, there we go. So Xpeng is dancing
to its own tune there along with its
humanoid robot given the car sales
number. Okay, fantastic. What did you
walk back Yeah, what did you walk back?
>> human Like Michael Jackson.
So you know what? I wasn't trying
Michael Jackson.
>> Well, it comes to mind, right? So it's
been 40 years since Thriller. Hasn't
been that long?
>> It's been that long. Yeah, it's 1984.
And the reason I bring that up and this
has occurred to me right now. Don't ask
me how it just occurred to me. So people
have been arguing and debating that
humanoid robot that Xpeng put out
was too human-like. It's exactly the
conversation but the opposite of Michael
Jackson 40 years ago when people were
going, oh
that that that's a bit too good to be
true. The way he was the way he was
doing it.
>> How did the the lean?
>> Yes.
He's trying to lean into the camera.
>> We actually did something. I know this
is okay. You can check it on LinkedIn.
We did a bit of a Michael Jackson thing
at the HK mid last week.
>> very into that.
Let's
>> talk about concentration risk, right?
>> Yes, because clearly I lack it. Okay.
It's not a risk for David. But certainly
is for Marcus when it comes to this
whole AI play, right? We did speak to
Leon Goldfeld from JP Morgan Asset
Management earlier on about that
concentration risk in AI and here's what
he had to say about it.
We actually think that the tech part of
the market will continue to provide very
strong growth and we do think AI in our
macro assumptions is going to boost
productivity. And likewise we think tech
can maintain pretty decent margins. So
we're not as worried about the
concentration risk as maybe others.
Yeah, fundamentals are good but still
value valuations need to be maybe
further compressed was sort of the
narrative and and what the commentary
from Leon was. Speaking of that
concentration risk let's talk about how
it we're seeing it across the tech
sector in China because that's
increasing the potential for volatility
and dampening its diversification appeal
when it comes to global investors. Let's
bring in Winnie Wu Asia equities
reporter to to explain all this as well.
So the tech concentration is also
becoming an issue in China. Yeah,
exactly Yvonne. I think something very
interesting is that usually we would
think China is that diversification
case. But when you look at this chart it
basically shows you that China is no
better than others other indexes that
have been struggling with the tech
concentration risk. And you can see here
on the chart for example the China X
index which is a gauge of these
innovative companies in China. Top five
the gains in the top five companies on
the gauge for the past six months or a
year to date basically accounts for over
50% of the gains for the overall gauge.
And that's a similar story when you look
at HS Tech actually top five companies
the gains in those companies accounting
for about 100% of the overall gains in
the index. And we take a look at the
next chart to understand why that really
is the case. We can look at some of the
moves in these top companies. You see
for example CATL, Dawning Information
and also Eoptolink. They are these
domestic AI plays. And yesterday they
are seeing
on the on the board they are in the
green but also when we talk about the
year-to-date gains, it's not just
tripling, double a doubling, tripling or
even four times. So see here we here
look at the year-to-date gains.
Basically the gains are really just very
outsized. And for example these Sungrow
Power Supply is also an additional AI
play when it comes to the the
requirement for the data centers further
power power demand. Yeah, so these are
four of the five, right Winnie, that
make up the CATL sorry the the the China
X story specifically.
Can we I was Can I ask my producers to
bring the other graphic back because
Winnie I have a question on other Asian
markets and how big of a concern this
tech concentration issue is with other
benchmarks in the region. I think you
have the graphic up on your screen.
There we go. Yeah. Go ahead, Winnie.
Yeah, exactly. So actually
the tech concentration risk has become a
bigger issue for the overall region as
well. We were talking about for example
the Taiwanese Taiex index here as well.
Top five companies specifically actually
TSMC accounting for over 40% of the
weighting for Taiex and hence you can
see that 80% of the gains for
the Taiex index so far this year has
been mainly coming from the these top
stocks on the index. And also similar
story for the Kospi index which is up
some 60%
Lots of concentration when it comes to
Samsung and SK Hynix accounting for
about 30% of the weighting for the
index. Now Topics is slightly less just
because it's a broader index. But when
we spoke to traders last week about how
volatile the sessions have been for
Asian stocks they were talking about
Nikkei 225 top five companies accounting
for about 40% and hence any big drops in
these tech companies are likely going to
contribute to a quite a big slump in the
overall indexes. Okay, so what's the way
to kind of manage that risk now? I mean
in terms of tech exposure what's what's
the right amount? Yeah, so we are
hearing really investors struggling with
or or looking for different
opportunities and different strategies.
So for example when it comes to China
they were talking about these extended
AI plays. So just now we were talking
about Sungrow for example. So looking
into for example power stocks which have
rallied about 40% the gauge last week I
believe. And also we were also looking
at some of the chemical names, the
aluminum and also lithium for example.
So looking for these pockets of
opportunities. And for these fund
managers looking at Asia ex-Japan and
who are benchmarking MSCI Asia ex-Japan
which has TSMC over 10%
of the weighting. They were talking
about looking around the supply chain of
TSMC and looking at other similar AI
names in Taiwan.
Winnie, thank you so much. Winnie C
there Asia equity reporter.
I mean just speaking of the tech story
we are on the tail end. Let me just get
back into
a focus here.
So much my So my left ear is slightly
bigger than my right which means I'm
slightly tilted left side.
>> Asymmetric. Quite quite naturally.
So we'll we'll see how in which
direction earnings will tilt. There we
go. Tencent comes out in about two days
or so the calendar on your screen. So we
really have some big names coming up on
deck which really will go a very long
way in determining how much valuations
can
expand even further or compress and what
kind of sort of guidance we'll get of
course coming out of these companies. So
yeah, companies reporting
this week include the likes and next
week of course Xiaomi, Baidu among
others.
Baba and Meituan have not yet been
confirmed as far as the dates are
concerned. All right. Let's get the more
analysis now what to expect from our
Bloomberg Intelligence Thematic
Strategist Shirley Wang. She joins us
here now on set. What are you expecting
this this this round? Yeah, thank you
for having me. Yeah, so basically as
earning seasons come out
we do expect that there might be bouts
of volatility for these Chinese AI
stocks in particular
because simply because on the back of
these massive capex spending news that
we've heard about these plans
from big tech companies.
And so now investors are you know
looking to see whether or not these
Chinese AI stocks can really deliver on
that capital spending in terms of
profitability and in terms of growth. So
last week the Asian AI names we did see
a pullback in them and then they
recovered a bit and then they pulled
back a bit again. So it's going to be
a bit of a flip-flop scenario that we're
seeing. And we do expect that bout of
volatility to continue into you know as
earnings come out. And we're also
watching for some of these nascent
innovation names as well.
You know they're still in the early
stages of R&D.
So as their investors are also looking
to see whether or not you know they can
deliver immediate profitability. So
they're they're going to likely under
pressure as well. How does the Chinese
AI space differ from what we're seeing
everywhere else?
Basically
the Chinese AI valuations haven't
corrected that much despite what we saw
you know like if you remember liberation
day back in April of this year
there was a broad sell-off in the
market. So they really haven't corrected
that much and in fact you know since
the trough in April of this year
the valuations on a forward PE basis
have actually risen 69% or so. And
that's far out pacing the valuations
rise that we've seen in the US and in
the rest of the Asia in terms of AI
space. Um
So we do think that you know this this
type of
derating in the valuations sorry
rerating of the valuations is actually
you know a reflection of the extreme
optimism that we've seen in the Chinese
AI stocks. You know certainly China
plays a huge part in the global AI race
and they're nearing that innovation gap
with the US.
So what we're thinking is that some of
these
optimism can also lend to vulnerability
for for this set of names. All right.
Shirley, thank you so much. Shirley Wang
there of Bloomberg Intelligence Thematic
Strategist there just laying out I guess
the the big picture ahead of some key
earnings coming through out of Chinese
tech. And really at the center of that
is one company when you think about the
global AI chain TSMC. We'll talk more
about that story coming up here on the
China show. Plenty more ahead.
[Music]
We're checking TSMC shares in Taipei
here this morning. We're still up some
1% here it's around 1490 Taiwan dollars
per share after what the chipmaker
posted slowest growth in 18 months amid
an ongoing debate in markets right now
over the sustainability of the AI boom.
For more of this bring in Debbie Wu. She
joins us now from Taipei. Debbie, so
slowest growth in 18 months but
investors are still looking pretty
positive around the stock in terms of
the reaction so far. What do you make of
so far the numbers that we saw?
So TSMC posted its slowest growth in 18
months but um the 16.9%
increase in
sales in October it's still better than
what
average analysts are looking for. So uh
analysts were looking for 16% and then
now what TSMC achieved is slightly
higher. So that seems to be supporting
the invest some investors
or in industry executives that
continuing
optimism toward the the fact that AI
demand is going to be strong. Although
what investors last week showed that
they are becoming a more jewelry some
Wall Street executives warned that
valuation for
AI stocks is becoming too high and then
Michael Berry's Scion Management Fund
also
disclosed a
bearish bet against Nvidia. But still I
think last night in the US we saw that
both TSMC uh ADR and Nvidia stocks went
up partly because of
I think optimism around the government
shutdown about to come to an end. But
still I think there's still some
investors who think that the
AI demand is still going strong and then
recent comments by industry executives
including Jensen Huang himself and then
Qualcomm
CEO also reflected that
positivity toward
AI growth in the future.
Hm.
Yeah, I mean Debbie the fact that they
reported monthly sales of 17% which to
your point in context was actually
better than the quarterly projection yet
still
someone still found a way to say this
was a slow
growth dip. Just help us understand what
the what expectations are right now for
a company like TSMC.
I think
the expect I think
analysts investors they are all trying
to figure out whether or what the big
tech in the US they are promised
hundreds of billions of dollars
investments in AI build out whether
that's uh still sustaining. And then, uh
TSMC's uh sales numbers usually uh
uh would um provide some insight into
this. And what's unique about the
Taiwanese companies is that they are
required by local uh
regulations to uh disclose their monthly
sales. So, uh sometimes I think um if
you tend to uh read a bit too much into
uh
uh a single numbers from a single month,
sometimes uh it may uh affect um your uh
views on uh how the long-term uh big
picture is like. But still, I mean, I
think uh what um uh the numbers that
TSMC posted um yesterday is seems to uh
uh reaffirm some some investors um
uh optimism. Uh the stock is also up
about 1% in Taipei today.
Debbie, thank you so much for the
context. Debbie Wu uh on the uh latest
here on the TSMC monthly
sales numbers coming through. Right, uh
just ahead. So, it's I think it's a 16th
or 17th version of
uh Singles' Day. There we go, 11 11. So,
we'll have a deeper look at
what we've garnered so far in as far as
data's concerned, what this means for
the companies involved. Plus, of course,
we are entering uh the thick of tech
earning season, so we'll see all of
those in context. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Yeah, let's talk about China's Singles'
Day, right? It's really Singles' Month,
if you think about it. The shopping
festival is now in its 17th year. It's
evolved over the years from just a
one-day event to a week's-long
extravaganza. For more on what to
expect, let's bring in Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst Catherine
Lim. She joins us now from Singapore. Uh
as we start to see Singles' Day's wind
down for some platforms today, Kat, I
mean, it still runs through what? Until
November 14th for the likes of Alibaba
and JD? What are the sort of scorecards
that investors should focus on this
year?
Well, do you know, it is the 17th year,
and we are continued to see new services
being rolled out. And I think this year
what stood out really was that, do you
know, the quick commerce, very fast
delivery. You know, you can order not
just food, but other items as well, and
they're going to get to your house,
like, you know, in 30 minutes. And uh
we've seen how Alibaba is also upping
their entire user acquisition, uh
particularly for their 88 VIP, which are
their paid members. Likewise, for
jd.com. So, do you know, these are some
of the numbers that we'll probably be
seeing um coming through um later this
week when Alibaba and jd.com closes
their campaigns. Um we're going to see
whether, do you know, today, later
today, we're going to see things from uh
Douyin or Kuaishou, uh which will be
calling, you know, their campaigns to a
close um do you know in in 12 hours'
time. Yeah.
Catherine, compared to last year, I
guess as a proxy for, you know,
consumption and consumer sentiment, how
did subsidy intensity compare and
discount depth as well compared to last
year?
Right. Um I would say that, you know, if
I looked at the entire 5-6 weeks of
promotions that we have seen, we were
off to a very weak start um at the
beginning of this um Singles' Day
shopping festival. October, many
retailers have actually come through
and, do you know, spoke about how um the
warmer weather has actually affected um
sales of um certain items from selected
appliances right down to clothing
itself. And that's probably one of the
reasons why we've also seen some of the
platforms stepping up on their, do you
know, entire subsidies as well as
voucher giveaways. So, I would say that,
do you know, while um you know, we'll
have to actually see um what the numbers
are as they um come through, uh my take
is that, you know, the intensity of
these discounts and um subsidies
definitely um are higher than uh what we
have seen last year.
Yeah, what does that mean for margins
then, right? For the fourth quarter when
it comes to Alibaba, JD,
uh as well as for some of these leading
brands in China?
Right. Um you know, great question
because, you know, as we know, on
Thursday itself, we're going to get
jd.com reporting their third-quarter
results. Now, obviously, that is that
does not include Singles' Day, but
that's going to show the intensity of
the competition um among the various
platforms as they try to roll out new
services. Um again, as I've mentioned,
you know, acquire more users out there.
And um do you know, in an environment
whereby consumption is fairly lackluster
itself, the platforms are definitely um
giving um away more profits to try and
stimulate the consumption. I do think
that that is still going to affect their
fourth-quarter margins, depending on
whether you're looking at a year-on-year
or a sequential. Um keeping my fingers
crossed that fourth quarter will be
better than third quarter, but we'll
see.
Yeah, I still got some stuff in my in my
cart. Yeah. Ready to go and deploy.
>> Pull the trigger. Yeah. I mean, I have I
have until a few more days. Catherine
Lim there, thank you. Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst joining us
out of Singapore. And later on, we're
going to hear Stephen Engle had a great
piece on really what to expect from 11
11 as well this year. Well, not trading
at a discount is gold.
Uh it's gone the opposite way. It's in a
Singles'
[Music]
Day for gold and AI actually came last
week. So,
>> smoothly, that the US government reopens
or the shutdown ends, to be more
specific, uh come Thursday. All that is
to say, everything needs to be perfectly
planned. All that is also to say that
the AI trade has somewhat masked some of
the concerns, if at all, when it comes
to the shutdown. Uh we could talk about
gold because there's a Fed
follow-through there, too. Uh Asia
Pacific is doing well. The Kospi is
lifting
um just about most things. We talked
about concentration with Kospi today. In
fact, just in the Korean chip plays
coming up on your screens very, very
shortly, if not already. See if you'd
like to Samsung coming out. SK Hynix
there as well. Oh, no, we don't have SK
Hynix. SK Hynix is actually also doing,
I think, quite well.
6% uh to the upside there.
We talked about golds, and I think
coming up is spot gold on your screens.
Um half of 1% and the sort of equity
market iterations of that are also
coming up and also catching a bid
because of this really big and sharp
rally we've seen in the last, what, 24
hours or so as far as gold goes, with
the exception of, I guess, one in in
Japan. But yes, a lot of the ETFs that
are traded. I think we have
I'm going to ask my producers to do this
a bit later on as well. Some of the
ETFs, can we look at that as well in
mainland China? Those will tend to also
do quite well on a day like today. But
anyway, of course, let's let's talk
about the Fed. Yeah, because I think
that's that is what's the transmission
mechanism, I guess, when it comes to
gold, right? Is that because there's an
end of a government shutdown, perhaps
that's lifting the fog around what the
Fed's next moves are going to be, right?
Right. You know, up until now, given the
lack of data, it's been up to a coin
toss of what they could do, cut or not
cut in December. But it I think that's
why the the lack of data is also leading
to a lot of diverse views within the
FOMC itself, right? You just heard from
Stephen Myron. Uh of course, the the you
know, he wants a 50% 50 basis points uh
cut still in December. But then we also
spoke with the likes of San Francisco
Fed President Mary Daly, the St. Louis
Fed President as well, who gave us kind
of different views on what they think
they should do next.
We also see a labor market that's
softening and wage growth that is
moderating. So, you're really not going
to see a lot of pressure coming on the
cost side of labor. So, I put those
things together and we don't want to
make the mistake of holding on too long
Yeah. for rates only to find out we
injure the economy.
It's very important that we uh tread
with caution here. I think there is
limited room uh to ease policy further
without policy becoming overly
accommodative.
Mark Cudmore has graced us with his
presence today, our executive editor out
of MLIV joining us from Singapore. Mr.
Cudmore, thank you so much
uh for for for making time for the show
today.
W- Where is your head at today when when
you look at markets? Let's start there.
I think the bigger backdrop is we're
still entirely dominated by the AI
theme. This week we're obviously focused
on on the shutdown, but you know, this
is really kind of a a temporary news
story that's going to matter for a
couple of weeks. Ultimately, where we're
going in markets is how strong the AI
theme is and that remains very solid for
at least another earning season or so. I
remain in the ca- camp that we're in a
we're in a
bull uh bubble in terms of AI capex, but
we're not close to the bursting the
bubble and I think it's it's probably
not going to burst until sometime far
into 2026. I remain open-minded in that,
but that's the backdrop view. So, the
underlying view is is kind of quite
bullish and constructive. Uh going into
the shutdown this week, I think if we
get resolution, that's a that's a
short-term pop in sentiment. It's
probably bad for Treasuries. It's
probably good for dollar at the margin.
I think dollar-yen is going to continue
going higher in this region. So, they're
kind of the bigger picture views. On a
on a very short-term basis, despite the
fact that we're seeing gains across many
assets today and some of the most risky
assets are really gaining. The price
action at the moment i- isn't actually
overly encouraging. The kind of the
narrow breadth, the way we're kind of
quite jerky in movements. It feels like
the the temporary pullback in stocks
that started a week ago hasn't fully
exhausted yet and it it's kind of quite
worrying in a way for the health of this
market that we've seen such a bull rally
with such minimal pullbacks. It kind of
lulled us into a false sense of
complacency. And even though I think
we've got higher levels to go overall, I
would expect some bigger corrections
over the coming months.
Okay, bigger corrections.
Uh maybe just kind of highlight that
play. How is that going to play out? And
what what do you think is going to be
you know, those triggers to maybe burst
that that so-called AI bubble?
Yeah, so I think I do think that the dot
dot-com analogies make a lot of sense
here. So, if you look between say
October 1999 and March 2000, uh I think
we had four 10% plus corrections in in
the Nasdaq before we actually peaked
out. And that's actually why the index
doubled in that period. Now, in this
modern era, we've got lower volatility
in stocks. We've got greater transition
of information. So, the cycles are
probably shorter, but I do think that
when we get to the end of the bubble
phase, that probably means that we get
through a period of where we do see, you
know, maybe frequent pullbacks of 5% or
more in the last couple of months of the
bubble, which is why I don't think we're
quite at the end of the bubble yet or
one of the extra reasons why I don't
think we're there yet. How do I think
this will play out? I think that there's
a lot of circularity in the AI theme at
the moment, but earnings are strong
enough to prop that up. What will happen
towards the end of the bubble is that
one of these pillars will be taken out.
To me, it seems like the earliest we'll
see that is probably, you know, the four
fourth quarter earnings, which we kind
of get in January, February time. And
that's the very earliest. In reality, I
think it's probably more like an April
story. That next earning season is when
we'll see the fact that people are still
not seeing sufficient revenues come
through to to back up the the promised
spending and hence the debt behind this
kind of AI circularity bubble.
Mark brought back to your macro FX hat
if you could for us. Dollar-yen is back
above 154. We've tested that level.
We've yet to
uh deliberately and really see a clean
break of that level. What do you think
happens with dollar-yen from here?
I I think it's going quite a bit higher
still. I don't think intervention risk
is likely anytime soon. There's a few
kind of uh you know, back of the
envelope rules you look at for for
dollar-yen intervention. One is do we
have a 10-yen move within a month? No.
Another one is do have we seen 6% move
within a month? No. You know, are we at
levels that are yet scary? No, we were
higher only last year. Uh and and
finally, what's the kind of backdrop
here? This isn't an a good environment
for intervention. So, as we of course go
higher in dollar-yen, I expect verbal
rhetoric to increase, but I don't think
we're going to get actually
intervention, real intervention, until
above 158 and and probably a chunk
higher still. Uh and the fundamentals
are still very negative for the yen.
It's got deeply negative real yields in
a risk-on environment. It's still the
most favorable carry trade. Japanese
growth outlook is terrible next year
even despite the new fiscal spending. Uh
and it's got an overhanging debt problem
in a world where fiscal concerns
continue to kind of mount at the margin.
I know it's a slow-moving structural
story, but Japan is at the forefront of
that. So, the fundamentals of the yen
remain deeply negative. We're in a
temporary period where dollar strength
seems to be uh on vogue around the
shutdown story. I'm not saying dollar is
structurally strong, but for the moment,
I think dollar-yen can go much higher. I
expect we'll be up towards 158 in the
next couple of weeks and that's when we
might get more nervous about
intervention, but in reality,
intervention may be above 160 type
story.
Mark, great to have you. Mark Cudmore
there, our MLIV executive editor joining
us out of Singapore. We'll take you now
back live to DC, where we are hearing
that the Senate has enough votes to pass
the stopgap government funding bill. So,
this is one step closer to potentially
reopening the government there and
ending the longest shutdown that we've
seen in US history. Uh but yes, we
talked about how the procedural sort of
uh things are moving moving forward
here, right? So, the Senate, now that
we've gone through maybe that, uh the
House members now must now travel back
to Washington to vote for the first time
in in since September of '19. So, that
final sort of Senate vote to pass the
money bill, that's expected that today,
of course, right? But then it goes to
the House for approval. That's going to
likely happen on Wednesday. And we've
have heard from House Speaker Mike
Johnson that he's going to give House
lawmakers 36 hours notice to return to
the capital once, of course, the Senate
passes that bill. Yeah, there we go.
Next step is an actual vote and then it
goes to the House and it's a step closer
to
seeing potentially further funding to
furlough government workers and maybe
fund also some agencies through
through the end of January of next year.
Step closer, not quite all the way.
We'll get you more updates once we have
more information out of DC. Coming up
here on the China show from Sydney to
Hong Kong, we'll discuss how to navigate
China's challenges and ever-shifting
trade ties. Michael Pettis will be
joining us in a couple of minutes. Also,
CICC's chief strategist, Dr. Miao, is
joining us at this time on the screens.
This
is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're about 42 minutes into the
cash market session. A look at some of
how some of the Huawei
suppliers are doing this morning. Mixed
bag there. Bloomberg has learned that
European Commission is exploring ways to
force EU member states to phase out
Huawei and ZTE from the region's mobile
networks. Mit Mit Lo is here with the
details on what this means and what the
concern here is exactly and how it will
actually be enforced if that does become
the case. Yeah, the concern here is
about national security, right? And it's
been an ongoing concern since 2020
during Trump's first term when the
European Commission had come up with
this so-called 5G toolbox. It's a policy
recommendation for its member states to
exclude what it calls high-risk vendors
like ZTE and Huawei from the region's
telecommunications network. And since
then, there are about 10 out of the 27
member countries that have adopted the
toolbox. So, the majority haven't. And
the European Commission now wants to
upgrade the policy recommendation to a
rule, a law, so that company countries
that don't comply will have to face some
sort of infringement procedure and face
financial penalties. Now, obviously,
this is something that could spark a lot
of political debate in Brussels because
a lot of countries are already quite
reluctant to surrender their national
security decisions to the European
Commission. And there are some European
telecommunications providers that are
opposed to this as well, saying that
Huawei is in fact a cheaper and better
alternative to Western firms. I mean,
this is likely going to escalate
tensions with China. How how is Beijing
likely going to respond? Well, China has
played this game before, right? Because
back when the policy recommendation came
out, there has been countries like
Sweden, one of the earlier ones to ban
Huawei. And at that time, China had
pushed back verbally with a lot of
threats to Sweden's Ericsson. And
eventually, there wasn't a formal ban,
but we did see Ericsson's market share
in China uh collapse. It failed to win
government bids on contracts from the
likes of state-owned companies like
China Mobile, for example. And FT
recently reported that China already now
require companies like Ericsson and
Nokia to go through what it calls a
black box security review. It's not
clear what sort of review these gears
will go through when they get to the
tech regulator, but it's a process that
could take 3 months or more. And that
already put these companies at a
disadvantage compared to the Chinese
peers. So, obviously both sides are
looking to decouple and strengthen their
self-reliance on the tech frontier. All
right, Mimmy Lo, our China correspondent
there on the latest when it comes to EU
and China relations and some other big
corporate stories that we're tracking
for you today. Restaurant Brands
International has agreed to sell a
majority stake in its China unit of its
Burger King chain. Now, the Burger King
owner entered a joint venture with asset
manager CPE, who will invest 350 million
dollars to boost Burger King locations
in China to more than 4,000 by 2035.
After completion of the deal, CPE will
own about 83%
of the business. Hong Kong has sold a
new set of digitally native green bonds
denominated in four currencies. Sources
say the equivalent of 1.3 billion
dollars of the notes were priced in US,
Hong Kong dollars, euros, and the
offshore yuan. Now, this is the city's
third such sale since 2023 and comes as
Hong Kong takes steps to encourage
tokenized bond issuance. Right. An
update on this rally in shares of Xpeng
today. So, we rallied, I think 15
15, give or take 15% overnight, 15% on
the dot as we speak. So, this is
currently the best day for the stock,
single biggest move here since November
of last year. Takes it now to the
highest that we've taken out
the effectively the three peaks of the
year and about a hundred and change. Now
puts the stock price at the highest here
in about
let's call it
almost three and a half years or since
July of 2022.
>> Yeah, you know, it's just there's so
much I think anticipation of what this
company can do now that, you know, maybe
there's is time to reevaluate the
valuation of Xpeng, right? This is going
beyond just EVs already, right? You're
talking about humanoid robots, talking
about robotaxis,
and it's really kind of rocking the
whole traditional growth model for this
company. So, of course, the innovation
we haven't seen it quite translate to
earnings just yet, but we talked to
Brian too about it just last week about
the potential. And they're even saying
this technology that that they're
flagging is even more advanced than
Tesla. Too. I think that's what set the
stock flying today. Transformational,
right? And I think I mean, let's see if
we can play that out for us a bit of
that for our viewers today because of
the stock price today. Robot kung fu
master. It just sounds cool enough,
right?
>> Dancing robot kung fu master and really
how you human-like form.
Transformational technology is is this
still an EV brand, right? And how
they're using
the technology across the supply chain.
They're vertically integrating and they
actually develop the technology
themselves.
>> Yeah. Right? And that was the question
we really asked him, how expensive was
it? He said it wasn't easy to do this
and I guess
I'm
risking speaking too soon,
is the stock now just in the midst of a
further re-rating from where we were
thinking this was where the market
thinking was, of course, in the previous
range. But yes, we'll see what happens
with this. But we are doing very well on
shares of Xpeng today. Yeah, let's let's
move on. Maybe you'll want to buy a
humanoid robot on Taobao. We'll see on
Singles' Day, right? That shopping
extravaganza is now in its 17th year.
However, shifting consumer behavior has
transformed the traditional one-day
sales blitz into a week's-long campaign.
Our chief North Asia correspondent,
Stephen Engle, brings us this report.
Influencer peddling is all the rage in
China, online, of course, but now more
than ever before on the actual trade
fair floor as well, where rapid-fire
hawking of product over multiple mobile
phones direct to China's billion-plus
consumers has never been this, well, in
your face. I don't know how they talk so
much. Everything you would possibly need
to know about Vietnamese iced tea. And
other products from overseas. Doesn't
matter if it's New Zealand milk powder
and ice cream or Italian cleaning
supplies, complete with a
Mandarin-speaking European.
They're all competing for Chinese cyber
shoppers in a market where around 40% of
all retail sales are now done online.
>> Our Singles' Day, it's 11/11, is huge.
We have a strong presence on online
platform and we have a strong focus on
Gen Z. I know Singles' Day had another
few more weeks to go, but so far the
result has been very, very encouraging.
Online shopping in China is growing at
three times the pace of traditional
retail, with many brick-and-mortar
outlets feeling that pain. CPI did pick
up slightly in October, but overall
retail spending is expected to have
slowed again as households hold on to
savings amid economic uncertainty. Add
to that are lingering worries importers
and exporters here feel about the
fragile trade truce with the United
States. High tariffs are hurting
everybody, hurting both sides. One of
the things that as businesses we do hope
is that there is longer than a 14-month
detente, shall we say, but that there is
some general
baseline of the relationship. There
These are areas we're going to trade in,
these are areas that are no-go, this is
kind of a gray area where we'll keep
negotiating on because that would help
us all, to your point, really understand
where we can move forward. And if I do
want to have a five-year contract with
American supplier, I know no matter what
I'm going to get that product.
I think it's been critically important
that we have clarity. US wine exports to
China this year were down 77% in the
seven months through July from a year
ago, with Chinese tariffs and taxes
combined amounting to about 75% on
American wine. And yet, barrels is
cautiously optimistic for recovery as
the truce has kept tariffs from
escalating further. It was a very, very
positive development that they came up
with an actual number that's going to be
in place for the next 14 months. Because
before that, I think a lot of importers
weren't so upset about the tariff. It's
they didn't know what it was going to
be.
And so now we know what it's going to
be, at least through the end of December
of 2026. And I'm hoping that that brings
some normalcy back into the process.
It's an endurance game shared in some
respect by the many influencers in
nearby booths, to keep talking and to
keep the parties on the other end
engaged. Stephen Engle, Bloomberg News,
China.
[Music]
Right. So, welcome back. SoftBank, uh
one stock that we're tracking now is set
to report we're up a little bit here, 2
and 1/2% after the close in Tokyo today.
Investors are focused on whether the
group's bets on AI
are paying off. Let's bring in our
Bloomberg Intelligence Asia Telco
analyst, Kirk Boodry, here with us to
help us discuss here what exactly we're
looking at here specifically. What What
are you keen to see as far as this this
this this one is concerned?
>> I mean, first of all, I mean, we have a
partial picture already of what they're
going to report because they're they're
operating subsidiaries, SoftBank Yep.
and ARM already reported they had
decent, good numbers. Um we can also
track private portfolio or public
portfolio performance.
So, when we look at how the stocks that
they own that are publicly traded, and
they've done quite well. So, in the
Vision Fund, they're up three billion
dollars in the quarter. That's right.
Right? Um and then they separately at
the parent level, completely different
from Vision Fund,
have invested in public AI leaders and
this all started this year. Mhm. And so,
they own shares in Nvidia and TSMC and
Oracle and Intel. And that was another
three billion dollars in gains. Right?
So, we already know this is going to be
a pretty good print. Okay. What we're
looking for beyond that
is how their private equity
performance came through. Mhm. And one
of the the possibilities for this
quarter is
the Vision Funds have been underwater
for almost four years, right? But the
cumulative performance could be back to
break even if
combined with the public gains that
we've seen, you also have an uptick
private valuations.
I mean, everyone's going to track the
the investment plans of all these
companies. When it comes to SoftBank,
where does this all stand now in terms
of their AI investment plans? They mean
they've already bought ABB robotics.
They were considering potentially of
buying Marvel. Where do things stand
now?
>> It's um I mean, it's
the Marvel news was kind of a surprise,
right? But it's um
you know, what what it shows us that
they still need to do something
in AI chips. So, they own ARM
and that's actually great investment for
AI,
but it's not Nvidia, for example, right?
So, if you look at Nvidia, you know,
that's you know, What that's saying
from, you know, when he was with Jensen
Huang, he's like previously
he had a bigger stake in it.
That that's absolutely nuts if you think
about it. Because if they had a 5% stake
now, we wouldn't even be talking. People
go, oh, yeah, and We wouldn't even be
talking about the the private equity
stake.
>> No, or Marvel, maybe, yeah. None of that
would be relevant, but it they do want
to do something more on chips. Okay. And
so, something that they can bind with
ARM and and to more directly grab some
of those profits on the chip side or on
the infrastructure AI infrastructure
side.
All right. Kirk, thank you. It was great
to have you. Kirk Boodry there, our
Bloomberg Intelligence analyst. Yeah,
and just I mean, the stock itself has
been massively, right? It's gone up so
much. I mean, it's the market cap is
actually now the second largest listed
company, right? And really surpassed the
likes of Mitsubishi UFJ. We're getting
closer to even Toyota we're talking
about for for SoftBank's market cap now
as well, Dave. The transformation of the
Japanese market, right? The other one
was Advantest, which really good shows
you that
the Nikkei's almost like an AI play now,
if you think about it.
Yeah, but we'll we'll have a look at
this when it reports of course later on.
Speaking of chip stocks on your screens
doing I think quite well and decently
today.
Yeah, and so we will leave you with a
look at this. On the other side of this
break we'll have a deeper dive into all
things China, all things macro. Michael
Pettis joins us and of course after that
we're joined by CICC the chief
strategist there to talk us through
really what this bull market holds going
into 2026 and how you really lean into
the sustainability of this liquidity
driven bull market here in greater
China. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Mhm.
Guys, I'm breaking news when it comes to
DC. So it looks like the Senate has
passed that stopgap funding bill and now
tees up to that house vote next, right?
So it still needs to be passed by the
house and signed by President Donald
Trump. But of course the president has
endorsed the measure. We also have heard
from Speaker Mike Johnson. He thinks it
will actually pass quickly as well. So
we are one step closer and nearing the
end of this US government shutdown.
Though it really depends on what
happens, right? You you've seen some
backlash within the Democratic Party.
The likes of Senator Elizabeth Warren,
House Democrat Leader Hakeem Jeffries
who say that the party should have stood
and fought for health care, right?
Because we didn't include that extension
of course those Obamacare subsidies. So
you know, some have called this a
terrible mistake, an empty promise
as well. So we'll see how this all fares
in the house.
Yes, and the next step here is of course
I think it's a 36-hour window for the
house to gather and really cast their
vote I think for the first time since
mid-September, right? So it's been a few
weeks since of course we've had that
specific activity at that part of course
of the legislature as well.
But as things stand as things stand as
mind you of course the vote was 60-40.
As things stand it we could actually see
the US government
reopen or the shutdown
on a path to end as soon as midweek
which might just give us enough time of
course to get us into more of the more
important economic details for the
markets to make you know to really have
a better sense and grasp of what the
economic reality is as we just whipsaw
between bets around how big the Fed
needs to ease interest rates by. If you
go by Stephen Myron of course he thinks
it's about 50 but if you ask others of
course they do think of course we might
need to skip December. Right, just to
recap some of the things that we just
mentioned here. The Senate has passed
the stopgap funding bill and this then
takes passes the ball on to the house
which needs to gather in the next day
and a half or so and be able to vote
through that one and then we'll see if
of course we reopen the shutdown. This
record shutdown ends by about midweek.
Currently we're on track but of course
lots of risks to watch as we go from
here to there. Yeah, let's bring in
Laura Davison. She's our Washington
deputy bureau chief. She's been staying
up late of course as we track these
developments and Laura
this this bill goes to this house next.
What are the chances this is going to
get passed?
Chances are looking pretty good right
now.
Democrats have said that they're not
going to vote for this bill but
Republicans are planning to vote for it.
Republicans holding narrow majority in
the chamber so Mike Johnson the speaker
is going to have his work cut out for
him keeping everyone together. But right
now chances are looking good and one one
thing that has this this bill's wind
behind its back especially for
Republicans is that Trump is coming out
and supporting this bill.
Okay, Laura David here. What
what are the key risks to watch here?
Just to help us understand in terms of
what gets us from here to ideally
Wednesday and of course the end of the
shutdown.
Yeah, so a couple things. One, so the
house will come back as you mentioned
you know probably midday Wednesday and
vote. The key group to watch is what's
known as the House Freedom Caucus. This
is a a group of about 20 to 30 members
who are kind of ultra conservative and
tend to not vote for some of these
spending bills. We see in the house a
lot that they dis act and Republicans
have to get Democrats on board. That's
going to be pretty tricky in this
scenario. You may have like we saw in
the Senate some moderate Democrats who
do want to vote for it. So it's a really
a numbers game of can they get enough to
get a simple majority. That's what they
need in the house is a simple majority
to get this bill across the finish line.
Laura, thank you so much for an update
there. Laura Davison there our deputy
Washington bureau chief with the latest
here out of Washington DC. US futures
are flat. So no reaction across markets
to this developing story. Plenty more
ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well the US-China trade truce has taken
effect with the latest from the Trump
administration delaying an export
control rule enacted at the end of
September. Now earlier China also
formalized those rare earth curbs
suspension as well. For more on the
outlook for US-China relations Paul
Allen is at the UBS Australasia
conference in Sydney with our next
guest. Hey Paul.
Hey
Thanks Yvonne. We're joined now by
Michael Pettis a senior fellow at
Carnegie Endowment for International
Peace. Michael, thanks so much for
joining us today.
I do want to just start with your
thoughts around well I guess could be
called that a trade détente between the
US and China. How do you feel that
played out? Do you feel China got
everything it wanted and what did it
have to give in return?
No, I don't I don't I think both sides
were really hoping for a little bit of
extra time to resolve their their own
domestic issues but ultimately I don't
think anything
serious has gotten done. So for example
the US trade deficit continues to grow
and the Chinese trade surplus continues
to grow. So we've seen a little bit of
shifting around of trade but ultimately
we haven't seen any big shift in the
underlying structure of trade. What
happens if the US would actually be able
to shrink its trade deficit if through
tariffs or through other means? Could
there be some potentially unforeseen
outcomes there? Well, you know all the
talk about trade problems we've been
facing are
is really not true. We haven't faced
anything serious yet. Because while the
tariffs have shifted trade around they
haven't changed any of the underlying
imbalances. Now
the as long as the US trade deficit
continues to grow it'll continue to
accommodate a growing Chinese surplus.
If the US were ever able to reduce its
trade deficit which I think it'll figure
out how to do eventually
but if it were ever to reduce its trade
deficit that would completely change the
dynamics. Because if the US deficit
contracts then either the surpluses of
the surplus countries which basically
means China must contract which would be
very difficult
or the deficits must show up somewhere
else which practically speaking means
the European Union which will be very
difficult for the EU.
So
linked to that you have argued
previously that this dispute is less
about tariffs it's more about China's
saving investment model and the excesses
involved there. So what's the approach
for the US if if tariffs alone aren't
the correct tool to deal with that?
Well, in theory there are only two
things the US can do, right?
If you assume that that the US
imbalances are caused by the excess of
saving over investment among its trading
partners who then
invest the excess saving in the US
economy
then there are only two ways that the US
can resolve that. One way is to
implement policies that force a change
in the saving investment imbalance
abroad which is quite difficult to do.
Um
and the other way is to intervene
directly and prevent the saving from
coming into the US. So a much more
efficient way of doing it would be to
tax capital inflows or somehow to
restrict the ability of foreigners to
dump excess savings into the US market.
The problem is with tariffs is not that
tariffs don't work but under the right
set of circumstances they can have an
effect. But that means among other
things that
thinking about bilateral tariffs
implementing bilateral tariffs is almost
a complete waste of time. Yeah, I'm glad
you mentioned bilateral because we're
talking here as if the US and China have
sort of existed in their own little
vacuum and of course it's not that
simple, is it? How do some of the
smaller economies, the ASEAN economies
navigate their way through these waters?
Well, they navigate it the way they have
been. So for example let's assume that
as the US deficit continues to expand
um
one of the one of the forms of that is
Americans buy more fish from Peru. So
Peruvian farmers now have higher income
and with that higher income they consume
more a part of which goes into
consumption. I'm sorry into imports and
through the multiplier the increase in
exports to the US will be matched by an
increase in imports but not necessarily
from the US. In this case perhaps
they'll buy an electric vehicle from
China. So the point is that
Peru can only run this growing deficit
with China because it's being
effectively funded with a growing
surplus with the US. So ultimately there
isn't really a change. As long as the US
deficit continues to grow it
accommodates growth in the Chinese
surplus. Does there need to be a change
in China or can it continue to rely on
this current model of exporting and
manufacturing to keep on powering its
growth. Yeah, but it's very difficult
for China to change. It's so locked into
this existing model and its response for
the last 10 to 12 years to every problem
has been to double down on the model.
So, how do you raise domestic
consumption? Domestic consumption is not
an accident or an oversight. It's
fundamental to the way the manufacturing
sector works.
Chinese manufacturing is incredibly
competitive for exactly the same reason
that Chinese domestic demand is very
weak. So, if you want to fix one, you
undermine the other. Well, there's an
obvious awareness of this problem within
China as well. The fourth plenum passed
measures to try and address this
consumption issue you're talking about,
but was it enough? Do you anticipate
more coming?
Um
so far there's been mostly talk. Um if
you look for example, last year
consumption performed for all the talk,
consumption performed very weak. What
really saved China was a huge increase
in the trade surplus, which we're very
to see again this year, but it's not
clear that we can see this continued
growth in the trade surplus.
And once that changes, then we're back
to the two main drivers of growth, which
are too much of too much investment and
not enough consumption. Um and it's very
hard, as you know, to raise the
consumption share of GDP. Other
countries that have had the under
consumption problem have never been able
to resolve it except under very
difficult circumstances.
>> You know, it's always very inviting, and
I know this is something else you've
written about, to think of as China just
a control economy that the command comes
from the top and it happens, but you say
it's not that simple. Local government
does have a lot of input here as well.
Is that part of what's happening here?
Is that why it's difficult to get a
consumption policy that that sticks?
>> happened is that China needed very high
investment in the 1980s. It was probably
the most under invested economy in the
world for its level of development. And
so, put into place a very powerful
growth model that had the highest growth
rate growth rate of investment in
history funded by the highest growth
rate of domestic saving in history. But
the way you increase domestic saving is
by redistributing income away from those
sectors that consume, which are
basically the household sector. So, the
problem in China is that model was very,
very successful,
but it stopped being successful once
China needed to bring investment rates
down
probably 10 or 15 years ago.
The problem is that with most growth
consisting of consumption growth and
investment growth, if you can't get
consumption growth to to pick up pace,
you can't allow investment growth to
decline unless you're willing to accept
much slower GDP GDP growth.
And China's locked itself into this GDP
growth target from which it from which
it's finding it very difficult to back
away. All right, Michael, thanks as
always for your insights. That is
Michael Pettis of the Carnegie Endowment
for International Peace. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Paul, fantastic.
Paul Allen there in Sydney for us. In
fact, coming up, we're really just
extending the conversation Paul just had
there with Michael Pettis and really G2
China US coming out of the meeting in
Korea, what this means for the bull
market in China. So, CICC's chief
strategist joins us.
Their latest report, the next step
for China's bull market. We'll unpack
that story next. This is the China show.
[Music]
I think there is definitely a catch-up
going on in terms of how China's
performed both onshore and offshore. And
I think
the technology narrative that's really
been driven driving global markets has
finally arrived in a more
convincing way in China. So, we do think
that is an opportunity and it's an
opportunity that will continue to help
the markets into next year.
On the macro side, I think the our view
is the Chinese economy is stabilizing.
It's perhaps not, you know, recovering,
but it's certainly
not not shrinking any longer.
Yeah, that was JP Morgan Asset
Management joining us on show us earlier
on outlining, I guess, the really
dramatic change in
views and and and attitudes towards this
Chinese market really compared from
about two about three years ago. So, so
the latest here is what do we where do
we go next with this bull market, right?
CICC has published it's in my hands
right now, has published the 2026 A
shares outlook report. They project
abundant liquidity will continue. That
has been, of course, the the secret
sauce uh beneath underneath this bull
market.
Uh what happens next? Credit cycle will
move towards volatility, even a
downswing. They also see limited upside
potential on an index basis, but
opportunities within, of course, sectors
and the rotations in and out between
really a lot of the alpha trades there
uh in the A share market. Joining us for
more on this, the author of that report,
the chief strategist at CICC, Dr. Miao
Yanliang. Good morning and very nice to
see you, doctor. Good morning. Very glad
to be here. So, what's the next step?
The title of your report, the next step
for China's bull market. Where do I look
for the next step? Yeah, I think, you
know,
um
for next year, we still remain bullish.
Um to me, I think the
big change is really the global monetary
order reconstruction
um from a, you know, strong dollar to
weak dollar.
And then from China-US constantly in the
trade negotiations to a G2 framework.
And then probably more importantly is
the
um
deep seeking moment not just in AI, but
many other industries, whether it's a
manufacturing or agriculture or it's
biopharmaceuticals.
Almost every industry have received
their own deep seeking moment.
So, that I think together is the
fundamental for a bull a bull market,
slow, but a bull market. Maybe for the
first time in a long time, we finally
have a slow-moving bull market.
Dave mentioned, right, the secret sauce
has been liquidity that's been driving a
lot of the this rally. Do you see
anything in the horizon that could
disturb or disrupt this sort of
liquidity?
Well, you know,
in general, if we talk about liquidity,
it's central bank believe it to be, you
know, the control of the liquidity. Uh I
think in the probably from the US
perspective, you know, is the Fed is
probably they may pause, but still in
general is going to be eased further.
Um and then China, of course, I think
the central bank monetary policy will be
remain supportive.
That we talk about, you know, you know,
dynamic shift or, you know, central
banking policy. In addition to that, uh
I think it's probably more importantly
for a given liquidity, where is the
money shifting around within the system?
Right.
For that, I think, you know,
clearly to me, money is going to shift
more towards Asia, towards Hong Kong,
towards China. So, I'll give you a
number. Uh
you know, our global active managed
money, 56%. That's from EPFR. 56% is in
US asset.
3% is in German asset. Only 1.8% in
Chinese asset. So, that shows
too much concentration in dollar asset.
To me, that, you know, from what that's
what I meant by global monetary order
reconstruction. We need more
diversification from US asset towards
other asset, towards other currency, and
Hong Kong and China are going to benefit
from that.
Let's talk about the specific
opportunities that active managers
subset can look at in the markets. I
think this year we've seen
almost cycles and rotations between
winners. We've seen tech and AI that's
gone into financials and dividend plays.
It's gone back out into tech. Yeah.
We've had a new consumption New
consumption spike, L'Oréal,
Pop Mart. Uh and then it's gone back
into materials and rare earths, and now
tech is back. Yeah. So, do we continue
this sort of pattern of big winners, big
losers within the market and the
opportunities there? And where do you
see the next one?
Um
I think, you know, we do see, you know,
the shifting pattern, you know, you
know, some some sectors rise, and then
other sectors, you know, even they
haven't risen enough, they're going to
rise again. Uh so, but you know, to me,
I think, you know, this is uh maybe,
you know, if you have a sustainable
slow-moving bull market, that means
um
probably you will see those who haven't
risen enough, they are catch up. They
were going to catch up in this year. So,
um there a few sectors I still, you
know, remain very positive. Even in
terms of AI,
I think, you know, China and the US both
doubling down on this AI race. So, I see
a very positive on that. And then that's
maybe maybe more on the offensive side.
On the defensive side, I think, you
know, they have dividend space and the
traditional manufacturing space, you
know, the anti-involution campaign is
taking effect. That's also going to
boost earnings, boost, you know,
price. That's also going to help
corporate bottom line. So, I I think,
you know, probably um
uh is the market is going to be more
balanced. You you mentioned in your
report about scarce assets. Can you can
you kind of define what that is?
And how do you determine what's scarce
depending on where we are in the credit
cycle, and where are we right now? Oh.
Sc- scarce asset, um
you know, this thing can
shift a very quickly. It also depends
on, you know, international sentiment.
You know, this is a
For example, if something happens in in
media, you know, in the AI space, and
then this is the China-US market move,
you know, very together very in lockstep
with each other.
Um but I think you know, the scarce you
have to be careful, you know, it's a
it's scarce in a in a point of time. It
doesn't mean it's really, you know, this
if you really believe in the AI story,
AI narrative,
it may look, you know, it may look
abundant at a point of time, but in the
longer run, it still looks scarce. It's
still, you know,
uh very much in the making, you know, if
you believe in the long long long run
story or the narrative. Right.
The common pushback we get when we talk
a lot to international investors, you
know, that active cohort that still is
overweight US, they point to still the
lack of momentum in the recovery of the
economy and the lack of inflation.
What's What are your comments on that
and what's the pushback against that?
What's the case for the market to
broaden out? Is the rally to broaden out
is my question amidst amidst that
reality?
>> Good question. Yeah, I think
um
well, we are not out of the woods yet.
Inflation this year is around zero CPI
inflation.
PPI is negative around 2%, but I I do
believe
the biggest neck shock, negative shock
is behind us. So probably for next year,
we are looking at a CPI slightly above
zero or like around 0.5% and the PPI
also improving a little bit.
Why I'm I'm saying that, I think it's
both supply and demand.
On on demand,
the drag and the negative drag from
recent cycle
is getting smaller and smaller.
And then I also expect central
government um to do more fiscal
stimulus.
And then on demand on supply side, we
mentioned the anti-revolution campaign.
I think it that
you know, that's a very important, but
probably more importantly
for the broader economic
recovery or or the strength of the
broader economy. Really we need to do
more structural reforms because you
know,
we talk about consumption. Consumption
is a function of jobs, is a function of
income, income expectations. And income
is a function of jobs. Right. And not
only that, I think it is also about
social safety net. So in in those areas,
I do believe China still have a lot of
low hanging fruit. For example, our
social safety net for the for people
retiring the rural area is only 220 RMB
per month, the basic pension. So that's
a huge room to improve. So these are
areas with low hanging fruit. I think
you know, it's
it's going to be, you know, a strong
foundation for a sustained and recovery
and then sustainable market in China.
All right. Uh Dr. Mao, thank you.
Yanling Mao there, chief strategist at
CICC about the next step for this bull
market and where we're going to see that
more upside uh moving forward here. In
terms of upside, we're certainly seeing
that when it comes to Xpeng shares here
today. There you go. We're still
punching about 15% for the stock here. A
lot of optimism about humanoid robots,
Dave. Yeah, in fact, let me just borrow
a phrase from the CICC report, the
broadening out of the AI rally into
other sectors and the use of key
technologies, you know, to result in
something like the Xpeng story from
their AI deal last week and the market
is responding quite nicely. 15% best
day, highest level here in about 3 and
1/2 years
on Xpeng.
Hang Seng Index, Hang Seng Tech, CSI 300
as we enter the last 30 minutes of the
morning session. There I would let us
see a bit of downside across the markets
today.
It's been topsy-turvy. We've been
somewhat of an uptrend, of course. We
just showed you that chart earlier on.
We are on track still to outperform MSCI
China over S&P for the first time since
2017. We'll see you all tomorrow.
[Music]